README.md, before:

# Tic Tac Toe

This game will be for two users, playing on one device, taking turns. You will have to use component state to keep track of whose turn it is and which squares have been marked by each player.

This project will challenge your knowledge of React but should also be an exercise in creating good user experiences. Your view should be styled to look good as well as function flawlessly.

### User Stories:
- As a user, I should start off seeing a 3x3 grid on the main page.
- As a user, I should be able to click on a square to mark it.
- As a user, my partner should be able to click on a square after me and see their mark.
- As a user, I shouldn't be able to click on a square that has already been selected.
- As a user, when someone has won the game (3 squares in a row: horizontally, vertically, or diagonally) I should see a notice telling me who won.
- As a user, I should not be able to continue playing the game after the game has been won.
- As a user, if there are no more squares available, I should see a notice telling me that the game has ended.
- As a user, I should see a restart button that when clicked will clear the gameboard.

### Stretch Goals:
- As a user, I can see a notification that informs me whether it is currently player one's or player two's turn.
- As a user, I can choose my marker (X, O, a color, an emoji, etc...).

Commit message:

3x3 grid on the main page

README.md, after:

# Tic Tac Toe

This game will be for two users, playing on one device, taking turns. You will have to use component state to keep track of whose turn it is and which squares have been marked by each player.

This project will challenge your knowledge of React but should also be an exercise in creating good user experiences. Your view should be styled to look good as well as function flawlessly.

### User Stories:
- As a user, I should start off seeing a 3x3 grid on the main page.
- Remember to pull down all the dependencies from the prebuilt application $ yarn
- $ yarn start
- destructure squares from state object
- map across the squares array considering value to allow each value be enscapulated by a square
- pass the value and index through props on the component call
- Update css to center the grid and styling for game body


- As a user, I should be able to click on a square to mark it.
- As a user, my partner should be able to click on a square after me and see their mark.
- As a user, I shouldn't be able to click on a square that has already been selected.
- As a user, when someone has won the game (3 squares in a row: horizontally, vertically, or diagonally) I should see a notice telling me who won.
- As a user, I should not be able to continue playing the game after the game has been won.
- As a user, if there are no more squares available, I should see a notice telling me that the game has ended.
- As a user, I should see a restart button that when clicked will clear the gameboard.

### Stretch Goals:
- As a user, I can see a notification that informs me whether it is currently player one's or player two's turn.
- As a user, I can choose my marker (X, O, a color, an emoji, etc...).
